com/example/apptest/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.AppTest.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.AppTest.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ActivityNavBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ActivityNavBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/FragmentCowinBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.FragmentCowinBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/FragmentCf2Binding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.FragmentCf2Binding
com/example/AppTest/listeners/NotesListener.java
 com.example.AppTest.listeners.NotesListener
com/example/AppTest/databinding/NoteDelBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.NoteDelBinding
com/example/AppTest/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.example.AppTest.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.example.AppTest.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
com/example/AppTest/databinding/NotesBsheetBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.NotesBsheetBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ActivityCreateNoteBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ActivityCreateNoteBinding
com/example/AppTest/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.AppTest.SplashActivity
 com.example.AppTest.SplashActivity$1
 com.example.AppTest.SplashActivity$2
 com.example.AppTest.SplashActivity$3
 com.example.AppTest.SplashActivity$4
 com.example.AppTest.SplashActivity$5
com/example/AppTest/entities/Note.java
 com.example.AppTest.entities.Note
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ActivityCf2Binding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ActivityCf2Binding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ProblemsetLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ProblemsetLayoutBinding
com/example/AppTest/cfContest.java
 com.example.AppTest.cfContest
 com.example.AppTest.cfContest$1
 com.example.AppTest.cfContest$Downloadlist
com/example/AppTest/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/UserLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.UserLayoutBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/CfDialogBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.CfDialogBinding
com/example/apptest/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.AppTest.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.AppTest.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/AppTest/databinding/NoteContainerBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.NoteContainerBinding
com/example/AppTest/cfActivity.java
 com.example.AppTest.cfActivity
 com.example.AppTest.cfActivity$1
 com.example.AppTest.cfActivity$2
com/example/AppTest/cfProb.java
 com.example.AppTest.cfProb
com/example/AppTest/databinding/BsheetLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.BsheetLayoutBinding
com/example/AppTest/CowinDialog.java
 com.example.AppTest.CowinDialog
 com.example.AppTest.CowinDialog$1
 com.example.AppTest.CowinDialog$DialogListener
com/example/AppTest/MainActivity.java
 com.example.AppTest.MainActivity
 com.example.AppTest.MainActivity$1
com/example/AppTest/cowinActivity.java
 com.example.AppTest.cowinActivity
 com.example.AppTest.cowinActivity$1
 com.example.AppTest.cowinActivity$2
 com.example.AppTest.cowinActivity$Downloadlist
com/example/AppTest/databinding/NavCowinBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.NavCowinBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/NavNotesBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.NavNotesBinding
com/example/apptest/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.AppTest.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.AppTest.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/AppTest/dao/NoteDao.java
 com.example.AppTest.dao.NoteDao
com/example/AppTest/activities/createNote.java
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$1
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$10
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$11
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$11$1DeleteNoteTask
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$12
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$1SaveNoteTask
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$2
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$3
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$4
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$5
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$6
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$7
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$8
 com.example.AppTest.activities.createNote$9
com/example/AppTest/database/NotesDatabase.java
 com.example.AppTest.database.NotesDatabase
com/example/AppTest/databinding/NavCfBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.NavCfBinding
com/example/AppTest/bsheet.java
 com.example.AppTest.bsheet
com/example/AppTest/dashboard.java
 com.example.AppTest.dashboard
 com.example.AppTest.dashboard$1
 com.example.AppTest.dashboard$2
 com.example.AppTest.dashboard$3
 com.example.AppTest.dashboard$4
 com.example.AppTest.dashboard$5
 com.example.AppTest.dashboard$6
 com.example.AppTest.dashboard$7
 com.example.AppTest.dashboard$8
com/example/AppTest/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/AppTest/adapters/NotesAdapter.java
 com.example.AppTest.adapters.NotesAdapter
 com.example.AppTest.adapters.NotesAdapter$1
 com.example.AppTest.adapters.NotesAdapter$2
 com.example.AppTest.adapters.NotesAdapter$2$1
 com.example.AppTest.adapters.NotesAdapter$NoteViewHolder
com/example/AppTest/cfUser.java
 com.example.AppTest.cfUser
 com.example.AppTest.cfUser$1
 com.example.AppTest.cfUser$Download
 com.example.AppTest.cfUser$ImgDownload
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ActivityCowinBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ActivityCowinBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/NavMainBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.NavMainBinding
com/example/AppTest/activities/notesMain.java
 com.example.AppTest.activities.notesMain
 com.example.AppTest.activities.notesMain$1
 com.example.AppTest.activities.notesMain$1GetNotesTask
 com.example.AppTest.activities.notesMain$2
 com.example.AppTest.activities.notesMain$3
com/example/AppTest/CFDialog.java
 com.example.AppTest.CFDialog
 com.example.AppTest.CFDialog$1
 com.example.AppTest.CFDialog$2
com/example/apptest/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.AppTest.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/apptest/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.AppTest.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/apptest/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.AppTest.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/AppTest/databinding/FragmentBsheetBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.FragmentBsheetBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ContestLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ContestLayoutBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ContestlistItemsBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ContestlistItemsBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/AppTest/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.AppTest.BuildConfig
com/example/AppTest/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.example.AppTest.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.example.AppTest.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
com/example/AppTest/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.AppTest.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/example/AppTest/databinding/CowinlistItemsBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.CowinlistItemsBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/MailDialogBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.MailDialogBinding
com/example/AppTest/MailDialog.java
 com.example.AppTest.MailDialog
 com.example.AppTest.MailDialog$1
 com.example.AppTest.MailDialog$2
 com.example.AppTest.MailDialog$DialogShare
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ActivityNotesMainBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ActivityNotesMainBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ActivityDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ActivityDashboardBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/AppTest/navActivity.java
 com.example.AppTest.navActivity
 com.example.AppTest.navActivity$1
com/example/AppTest/databinding/CowinDialogBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.CowinDialogBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/AppTest/databinding/ContentScrollingBinding.java
 com.example.AppTest.databinding.ContentScrollingBinding
